Skip to Main Content Sign in search Search Clear Recent &nbsp; Suggested Learn more about solutions partner designations Take your solution from idea to market Help your customers migrate to the cloud Build skills with role-specific learning paths See Revenue and Performance reporting Cancel Sign in Partner Partnership Partner Partner with Microsoft Maximize your partnership Strengthen your security Build ISV growth Compare offerings Benefits Guide Go to market Marketing resources Commercial marketplace Sell Sell with Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider New commerce experience Partner incentives Differentiate Solutions Partner designations Specializations Azure Expert MSP Explore By opportunity AI Industries Device partners Learning partners Education partners Nonprofit By solution area Solution areas Azure for partners Business Applications for partners Modern Work for partners Security for partners By initiative Build for 2030 Inclusive economy Connect MCAPS Start for Partners MCAPS start for partners Microsoft Ignite Partner of the Year Awards Partner Communities Microsoft Partner Community Partner-led associations Resources Microsoft Partner blog Partner success stories Program resources Training Support &amp; Advisory Support Technical Presales and Deployment Find a partner More Partnership Partner Partner with Microsoft Maximize your partnership Strengthen your security Build ISV growth Compare offerings Benefits Guide Go to market Marketing resources Commercial marketplace Sell Sell with Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider New commerce experience Partner incentives Differentiate Solutions Partner designations Specializations Azure Expert MSP Explore By opportunity AI Industries Device partners Learning partners Education partners Nonprofit By solution area Solution areas Azure for partners Business Applications for partners Modern Work for partners Security for partners By initiative Build for 2030 Inclusive economy Connect MCAPS Start for Partners MCAPS start for partners Microsoft Ignite Partner of the Year Awards Partner Communities Microsoft Partner Community Partner-led associations Resources Microsoft Partner blog Partner success stories Program resources Training Support &amp; Advisory Support Technical Presales and Deployment Find a partner Partner Center Partner Center All Microsoft Partner &times; New benefits added to offerings—compare them now We’ve added more than 25 in-demand product licenses—including Microsoft 365 Copilot, Microsoft GitHub, and Microsoft Defender for Endpoint—to several benefits offerings. Explore our compare offerings page to find the offering that’s right for your business. Go now Build and sell your solutions—at the scale of Microsoft The Microsoft AI Cloud Partner Program gives you the tools to create and market innovative Microsoft Cloud and AI solutions. Partners across business models and growth stages can drive profitability with everything from product benefits to technical consultations to skilling pathways. Already a partner? Sign in for the latest updates and resources. Become a partner Sign in Let’s achieve more—together Join a global community of more than 500,000 partners and fuel digital transformations for your customers with one of the most comprehensive, end-to-end tech stacks on the market and Microsoft’s cutting-edge AI platform. View AI resources Paths for partnership Learn more about the ways you can partner with us&mdash;from building and selling solutions to differentiating your business with a Solutions Partner designation. Microsoft for Startups Join Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub for the tools, network, and expert guidance your startup needs to ideate, develop, and scale the solutions customers are searching for. Find out more ISV Success Enroll in ISV Success for resources that are essential to building and selling well-architected cloud solutions on the Microsoft commercial marketplace. Discover more Partner benefits packages Explore and purchase new cost-saving offerings designed to help you build your cloud and AI practice. Each benefits package includes a unique set of product licenses and support services. Learn more Solutions Partner designations Showcase your organization's proven capabilities and stand out from the competition by attaining Solutions Partner designation. Explore how Get started Join the AI Cloud Partner Program to tap into platforms, products, and offerings built for your business. Enroll to become a partner in just three steps. Create an account Create your free account and share some basic information about your company and its business goals. Get started Get started Confirm your company’s details You’ll provide essential business details, like your organization&#39;s address and legal point of contact. Depending on your country, you may need to share your business registration number. Validate your credentials Microsoft will verify email ownership, employment, and other details, and you&#39;ll receive time-sensitive instructions via your business email. Review the video to learn more about this process. Play video Play video Program benefits and incentives Resources to help you achieve more Access the resources you need to develop and deliver high-performing, customer-centric AI solutions on the Microsoft Cloud. Marketing benefits Support and advisory benefits Skilling benefits Partner incentives Resources to help you achieve more Access the resources you need to develop and deliver high-performing, customer-centric AI solutions on the Microsoft Cloud. Marketing benefits Support and advisory benefits Skilling benefits Partner incentives Go to market faster with Microsoft Drive demand for your offers with easy-to-use marketing resources. Partner go-to-market toolbox How to Market with Microsoft consultation&nbsp; Profile optimization and referral management&nbsp; Digital Marketing Content OnDemand (DMC)&nbsp; Ready-to-go marketing assets (Partner Marketing Center)&nbsp; Geo-Expansion Readiness Assessment Explore now Get help directly in Partner Center Explore support articles or submit a request. Advisory hours to help plan, build, and implement solutions (TP&amp;D) Assistance with technical sales prep and deal enablement (TP&amp;D) Signature Cloud Support incidents&nbsp; Microsoft product support (on-premises) incidents Learn more Skill your way to a more profitable future Unlock training and certification resources to build your expertise. Technical training Sales and pre-sales training Certifications Partner training calendar, skilling playbooks, newsletter, and guides Get started Get rewarded for customer success Our incentives portfolio rewards your success to help you drive more profitability. Global programs, local offers to support market needs, and opportunities for reinvestment Programs designed to drive digital transformation Get rewarded for your customer success Start earning Become a partner Unlock the power of partnership to drive a more profitable future&mdash;for both you and your customers. Already a partner? Sign in for more information. Join today Sign in now Follow Us Was this page helpful? Yes No Additional feedback characters remaining Thank you for the feedback! Share Follow Us Share Was this page helpful? Yes No Additional feedback characters remaining Thank you for the feedback! Get started Become a partner Maximize your partnership Compare offerings Partner Center Find a partner Grow With Us Microsoft Action Pack ISV growth Cloud Solution Provider program New commerce and licensing Commercial marketplace Solutions Partner designations Resources Training Microsoft Learn MCAPS Start for Partners Events Microsoft Partner Community Microsoft Partner blog Support Get support Support plans Partner Center guidance United States (English) Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact us Privacy and cookies Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks Partner Code of Conduct © 2024 Microsoft