Trace Id is missing Skip to main content Microsoft Azure Azure Azure Search Show search input No results Cancel AZURE. LIMITLESS INNOVATION. Amplify human ingenuity Dream big and create breakthroughs with the latest AI solutions. Pay as you go or try Azure free for up to 30 days. There’s no upfront commitment—cancel anytime. Get started with Azure Explore Azure AI AI-powered assistant Need help finding a product or solution? Try the AI-powered assistant. How can I try Azure? How will Azure AI help my business? FEATURED NEWS Discover what’s happening on Azure Majorana 1 is carving a new path for quantum computing Learn about the world’s first quantum chip built using a breakthrough material called a topoconductor. Read the blog New report on driving unique value with AI customization Get expert insights on how customizing AI models is helping the world's leading companies drive more value in this new report from Microsoft and MIT Technology Review Insights. Read the blog Register now: Skill up and get hands-on with code Join the community of professional coders and AI innovators for live demos, interactive labs, and hands-on skilling at Microsoft Build, the event by developers, for developers. Live on May 19–22, online or in person—or watch on demand. Register now SOLUTIONS Find solutions for putting your ideas into action Featured solutions Cloud migration Data transformation App development AI Previous Next AI Build intelligent apps at enterprise scale with the Azure AI portfolio. Explore Azure AI solutions An adaptive cloud Unify disparate assets with AI-enhanced management and security across cloud and edge environments. Learn more Migrate to innovate Securely migrate Windows Server, SQL Server, and Linux estate to Microsoft Azure. Learn more Build and modernize intelligent apps Build AI-powered, intelligent apps and enhance your critical solutions with generative AI. Learn more Azure Innovate &amp; Azure Migrate and Modernize Accelerate your cloud and AI adoption with comprehensive resources and expert help from Microsoft. Learn more Migrate to innovate Get AI-ready by securely migrating Windows Server, SQL Server, and Linux to Azure. Learn more Linux on Azure Run and manage applications your way with your preferred Linux distribution on Azure. Learn more about Linux on Azure SAP on the Microsoft Cloud Extend your SAP applications and innovate in the cloud trusted by SAP. Explore SAP solutions Oracle on Azure Migrate Oracle workloads and innovate with Azure services. Discover Oracle solutions High-performance computing Access computing, networking, and storage resources for HPC workloads. See HPC solutions Data analytics for AI Realize value from data and generate near-real-time insights with advanced cloud-scale analytics solutions. Explore data analytics for AI Azure managed databases Build cloud-native applications or modernize existing applications with fully managed, flexible databases. Explore managed databases Application and data modernization Deliver enhanced application and data experiences even faster. Discover app and data modernization Business intelligence Drive faster, more efficient decision making by drawing deeper insights from your analytics. Learn more about business intelligence Build and modernize intelligent apps Build AI-powered, intelligent apps and enhance your critical solutions with generative AI. Learn more Modern application development Respond to changes faster, optimize costs, and ship confidently. Explore development scenarios DevOps Bring together people, processes, and products to continuously deliver value to customers and coworkers. Explore DevOps solutions Integration services Build new, integrated solutions that connect applications and services on-premises and in the cloud. Learn more AI Build intelligent apps at enterprise scale with the Azure AI portfolio. Discover Azure AI solutions Azure AI infrastructure Achieve high performance for even your most compute-intensive AI workloads, including deep learning. Learn more Back to tabs View all solutions (40+) Products and Services Explore tools for bringing your vision to life Featured AI + machine learning Compute Containers Hybrid + multicloud IoT Previous Next Windows Server on Azure Run business-critical workloads with hybrid cloud agility and advanced security. Explore the product Azure Arc Unify on-premises, hybrid, and cross-cloud infrastructure. Explore the product Azure AI Foundry Build, evaluate, and deploy generative AI solutions and custom agents. Explore the product Azure AI Content Understanding Simplify multimodal AI app development and automate complex data extraction. Explore the product Azure OpenAI Service Build your own agents and generative AI apps. Explore the product Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Build and scale apps with managed Kubernetes. Explore the product Azure AI Search Deliver accurate, hyper-personalized responses in your generative AI applications. Explore the product Azure AI Foundry Build, evaluate, and deploy generative AI solutions and custom agents. Explore the product Azure OpenAI Service Build your own agents and generative AI apps. Explore the product Azure AI Search Deliver accurate, hyper-personalized responses in your generative AI applications. Explore the product Azure AI Content Safety Use AI to monitor text and image content for safety. Explore the product Azure Machine Learning Use an enterprise-grade AI service for the end-to-end machine learning lifecycle. Explore the product Azure AI Vision Discover computer vision insights from image and video analysis with OCR and AI. Explore the product Azure AI Language Build intelligent applications with natural language processing capabilities. Explore the product Azure Virtual Machines Deploy VMs in seconds. Explore the product Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Build and scale apps with managed Kubernetes. Explore the product Linux virtual machines in Azure Provision VMs for Ubuntu, Red Hat, SUSE, and other popular distributions. Explore the product SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines Get industry-leading performance for SQL. Explore the product Windows Virtual Machines Deploy scalable, protected virtualized infrastructure. Explore the product Azure Functions Trigger apps with serverless computing. Explore the product Azure App Service Expand apps to additional locations. Explore the product Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Build and scale apps with managed Kubernetes. Explore the product Azure App Service Quickly create powerful cloud apps for web and mobile. Explore the product Azure Functions Trigger apps with serverless computing. Explore the product Azure Kubernetes Fleet Manager Seamlessly manage Kubernetes clusters at scale. Explore the product Azure Container Instances Run containers without managing servers. Explore the product Azure Red Hat OpenShift Build, deploy, and scale apps on fully managed OpenShift clusters. Explore the product Azure Spring Apps Build or migrate Spring applications with a fully managed service. Explore the product Azure Arc Unify on-premises, hybrid, and cross-cloud infrastructure. Explore the product Azure SQL Migrate and modernize your SQL workloads. Explore the product Azure Stack Build apps across on-premises, cloud, and the edge. Explore the product Microsoft Sentinel Simplify security operations with intelligent security analytics. Explore the product Microsoft Defender for Cloud Protect multicloud and hybrid environments. Explore the product Azure ExpressRoute Create secure, private clouds. Explore the product Azure DevOps Share code, track work, and ship software with modern dev services. Explore the product Azure IoT Hub Authenticate communication across devices, edge, and cloud. Explore the product Azure IoT Central Build IoT solutions on a hosted platform. Explore the product Azure IoT Edge Deploy cloud intelligence on local edge devices. Explore the product Microsoft Defender for IoT Protect IoT and OT devices from threats. Explore the product Azure Digital Twins Create models of physical environments. Explore the product Azure Sphere Secure your IoT hardware and software. Explore the product Azure Time Series Insights Visualize IoT data in real time. Explore the product Back to tabs See all products (200+) See why Microsoft was named a Leader by Gartner® Discover why Microsoft was named a Leader and positioned furthest to the right for Completeness of Vision in the 2024 Magic Quadrant™ for Strategic Cloud Platform Services (SCPS). Read the blog RESOURCES BY ROLE Transform the way you work IT professionals Developers Data analysts Business leaders Startups Students Previous Next Optimize your infrastructure with popular Azure solutions and services. Explore migration solutions Create today’s solutions and tomorrow’s breakthroughs. Innovate on Azure Get more value from your data with an end-to-end cloud analytics solution. Explore data analytics for AI Get guidance and insights on AI innovation, intelligent data, cloud infrastructure, and optimization. Explore insights Future-proof your startup with AI services, expert guidance, and essential technology. Explore Microsoft for Startups Learn about programming, cloud technologies, and developer tools. Jump-start your career Back to tabs Azure global infrastructure Go beyond the limits of on-premises datacenters with more regions than any other provider. Explore the globe customer stories See how customers are innovating with Azure Previous Slide Next Slide HP incorporated GitHub Copilot into its workflow to help developers collaborate more easily and work more productively. Products GitHub Copilot Azure DevOps Visual Studio GitHub Enterprise Case study Unity made game development more accessible to all by using Azure OpenAI Service to create an AI assistant that helps creators throughout their development workflows. Products Azure OpenAI Service Azure AI Content Safety Case study LEGO House takes the physical brick to new frontiers with inventive, interactive digital experiences built with Azure solutions. Products Azure IoT Edge Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) Case study Siemens connects frontline workers and engineers for real-time problem-solving using Azure AI Foundry. Products Azure AI Azure AI Foundry Azure Machine Learning Azure OpenAI Service Case study HEINEKEN built chatbots that connect employees with information across the company using Azure OpenAI Service and its built-in ChatGPT capabilities. Products Azure AI Azure OpenAI Service Case study Back to customer stories section View all stories Take the next step Choose the Azure account that’s right for you Pay as you go or try Azure for free for up to 30 days. Get started with Azure Connect with a sales specialist Chat with or call a sales specialist for personalized guidance. Get in Touch New to Azure? Learn at your own pace Learn cloud computing basics with self-paced modules on Microsoft Learn. Get Started Get the Azure mobile app AI-powered assistant AI-powered assistant