ic_fluent_brand_facebook_48_mono Created with Sketch. image/svg+xml Twitch image/svg+xml image/svg+xml Skip to main content Microsoft .NET .NET .NET Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel .NET customers showcase Customers all over the world, in many different industries, rely on .NET to solve their business problems Show all .NET/.NET Core ASP.NET Blazor Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML .NET MAUI .NET Aspire Blip .NET Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Azure Kubernetes Service Azure OpenAI Service Azure DevOps Azure Security Blip is an AI-first company and has a strong relationship with Microsoft due to the latter’s longstanding leadership in AI. So, to help drive strategy and deliver scalability, Blip chose solutions that included Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, .NET, and Azure Kubernetes Service. Learn more &gt; H&amp;R Block .NET Azure Azure AI Studio Azure Cosmos DB Azure OpenAI Service Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Visual Studio GitHub Copilot .NET is "opportunity of a lifetime" for developers, says H&R Block Principal Architect. Learn more &gt; GitHub Copilot in Visual Studio .NET GitHub Copilot GitHub Visual Studio Find out how Visual Studio integrates GitHub Copilot, architectural detail, .NET implementation, and the importance of the indexing service for providing context-aware AI code suggestions. Learn more &gt; Xbox .NET .NET Aspire The Xbox services team leveraged .NET Aspire to boost their team's productivity and transform their local development practices. Learn more &gt; Vestas .NET Sustainability is always front and center for Vestas, and the company relies on a robust cloud-native architecture to run high-performance applications like the Vestas turbine simulator and help the company reach its sustainability goals. With the open-source, cross-platform .NET, Vestas can easily accommodate workloads that require 400,000 cores and petabytes of data to run digital twins at scale. By using .NET-compatible technologies like Microsoft Azure Functions, Web API, Application Insights, and Blazor, Vestas is streamlining processes to better run applications that help the company make the world a greener place. Learn more &gt; NBC Sports Next .NET .NET MAUI Coaches, parents, and players rely on NBC Sports Next's Sports Engine team management mobile application to manage team games, rosters, calendars, RSVPs, game statistics, and more. In 2022, the NBC Sports Next mobile development team revised their Sports Engine app using .NET MAUI. The adoption of .NET MAUI enabled the team to coordinate and share code across web, mobile, and their APIs, leading to features being delivered to the market "in record time." Learn more &gt; Alpha Outdoors: Red-Point .NET .NET MAUI Unity Azure Storage Alpha Outdoors' Red-Point mobile app built with .NET MAUI, Unity, and Azure brings rock-climbing to the masses. They digitize 3D scans from drones of rock-climbing locations and take the information to offer GPS-based navigation and detailed 3D route visualizations that could be accessed offline to reduce the risk of climbers embarking on incorrect or dangerous routes. Learn about their journey with .NET. Learn more &gt; Stack Overflow .NET Core ASP.NET "The Microsoft technology made it easy for us. It just works. We saved months of development time in the process." - George Beech, System Administrator Learn more &gt; Chipotle .NET Core Azure "In less than 20 minutes, I had a working prototype in .NET Core, deployed to Azure, with permissions properly set up…. Instead of spending a lot of time debating theories and approaches with no prior experience to rely on, we had a working demo ready to drive decision making in minutes." - Mike Smith: Lead Software Developer Learn more &gt; Forza Horizon 5 .NET Azure Cache for Redis Azure Kubernetes Service Azure Storage Developed by Turn 10 Studios and Playground Games and published by Xbox Game Studios, the Forza Horizon series has grown in popularity with each new title. As the series has exploded in size, so too has the infrastructure needed to support it. They met this challenge by transitioning to containers and Azure Kubernetes Services for their .NET services that power the game. Learn more &gt; Geocaching .NET .NET Core ASP.NET Geocaching, the world's biggest game of hide-and-seek, leverages the power of .NET APIs to power their hybrid tech stack. They have been able to grow from thousands to millions of customers and scaled across the globe because their entire back end is built with .NET. Learn more &gt; BurnRate Blazor ASP.NET Azure SQL How Microsoft's stack is blazing a new trail for go-to-market teams Learn more &gt; Escola Agil .NET MAUI Azure Escola Agil uses .NET MAUI to support Brazilian schools. Learn more &gt; Microsoft Graph .NET .NET Core Azure Microsoft Graph is an API Gateway that provides unified access to data and intelligence in the Microsoft 365 ecosystem. The service needs to run at very high scale and to make efficient use of Azure computing resources. By using .NET 6, Microsoft Graph has achieved both of these goals. Learn more &gt; Irth Solutions .NET MAUI Azure "The support that we've received from the Microsoft team is way beyond what I would expect for a company of our size." - Brad Gammons, CEO Learn more &gt; GE Aviation .NET Core Azure Blazor "There was no debate about which language to use. .NET Core is a really great choice." - Richard Pineo, Software Developer Learn more &gt; UPS Xamarin Bot Framework Azure Cognitive Services Azure DevOps The UPS Mobile app allows you to easily manage shipments on the go. You can track and nickname shipments, create shipping labels, find UPS service locations and estimate shipment costs and delivery times. Learn more &gt; Bing .NET .NET Core XAP is the application that sits in the middle of the Bing architecture stack and is responsible for much of the coordination among thousands of other components that provide results for all queries. It is also one of the world's largest, most complex, highly performant, and reliable .NET applications. The XAP team saw significant performance improvements by migrating from .NET Framework to .NET 5. Learn more &gt; Tencent .NET Core ASP.NET "Microsoft designed .NET Core with a microservice architecture in mind, and that fits right in with our redesign plans." - Shanyou Zhang, Senior Software Architect Learn more &gt; nopCommerce .NET ASP.NET Azure MS SQL server nopCommerce serves over 60K e-commerce shops with the power of ASP.NET Core on .NET 7. This open-source platform has 1,500+ integration offerings like plugins, themes, and language packs. Learn more &gt; Siemens Healthineers .NET Core ASP.NET Azure Azure Cosmos DB Azure Functions Azure Kubernetes Service ".NET Core is an amazing technology. With .NET Core, our customers can now run the software on a wide spectrum of devices. It also gives us strong benefits with regard to operation costs in the cloud, because we can use it to run some workloads on Linux machines." - Thomas Gossler, Lead Architect, Digital Ecosystem Platform Learn more &gt; The Postage .NET Core Azure Xamarin Blazor "I knew we wanted to use .NET, and Azure is the best cloud for .NET. What's more, with .NET, we would get access to Blazor and Xamarin, which let us use C# across the entire application stack, from front end to back end to mobile—an approach that has proven to be very effective in terms of both speed and cost." - Ken Myers, Chief Technology Officer Learn more &gt; Azure Cosmos DB .NET .NET Core Azure Cosmos DB A core component of the Azure Cosmos DB service is the API Gateway that handles request parsing and routing across all supported APIs. Over the years, the API Gateway migrated from .NET Framework to .NET Core and now runs on .NET 6. This critical piece of infrastructure utilizes multiple .NET performance and scalability features to achieve low latency, high throughput request processing end to end. Learn more &gt; OneService .NET Core ASP.NET Core OneService is a Microsoft service that powers various content experiences in Microsoft Start, Microsoft Edge, and Microsoft Windows. Over two years, OneService converted a large number of .NET Framework 4.7.2 apps, libraries, and test projects to .NET 6 and are now almost entirely running on .NET 6 in production. This migration helped reduce operation cost and improve developer experiences. Learn more &gt; SetPoint Medical .NET Core WPF "We're using .NET Core 3 to help us eliminate the technical hurdles we had in the manufacturing process. The long-term impact will be significantly faster development." - Tyler Thompson: Senior Software Engineer Learn more &gt; SigParser Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML SigParser converts e-mail signatures to contacts and eliminates manual data entry; it uses ML.NET to predict if an e-mail sender is human or an automated system. Learn more &gt; Asgard Systems Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Asgard Systems uses demand forecasting in grocery stores to reduce food waste and gas house emissions. Learn more &gt; endjin Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML endjin uses ML.NET with AutoML to improve the process of classifying articles for their Azure newsletter and to revolutionize simple, everyday tasks. Learn more &gt; Microsoft Real Estate &amp; Security Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Microsoft Real Estate & Security uses ML.NET to detect and classify HVAC system faults on Microsoft's campus and convert them to work orders. Learn more &gt; ShoWorks Blazor Azure Azure DevOps Visual Studio ShoWorks is the most popular exhibitor and entries management software used by state and county fairs in North America. Software architecture company, Clear Measure used Blazor to help ShoWorks provide fair management software to host virtual live auctions. Learn more &gt; Visma Spcs .NET Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Azure Azure OpenAI Azure AI Search Semantic Kernel Visma Spcs is a leading software company providing modern services to simplify accounting, HR, payroll, and more. They've successfully integrated AI and Semantic Kernel with .NET to revolutionize their customer experience. Customers can now find the right information quickly and easily, ask questions and get accurate answers, and locate references to the correct documentation. Learn more &gt; FinLocker .NET MAUI Azure Kubernetes Services Azure SQL Azure Cosmos DB Azure DevOps FinLocker is on a mission to help consumers achieve and sustain homeownership. FinLocker chose to migrate to .NET MAUI to maintain a unified development infrastructure and continue leveraging their existing .NET expertise. Learn more &gt; Azure Active Directory .NET .NET Core Azure Active Directory Azure Active Directory's gateway service is a reverse proxy that fronts hundreds of services that make up Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Azure AD gained efficiency by migrating from .NET 5 to .NET 6. Learn more &gt; Hunter Medical Research Institute (HMRI) Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Hunter Medical Research Institute (HMRI) built a Human-In-The-Loop ML framework for medical research using ML.NET. Learn more &gt; Power BI Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Power BI uses ML.NET to help users identify key influencers and customer segments so that they can understand the factors that drive their business metrics. Learn more &gt; SparePartsNow .NET Core Azure SparePartsNow revolutionizes a multibillion-dollar market using highly scalable Azure services. "We prefer a tightly integrated development experience...The entire team has comprehensive experience in the web, .NET Core, and Azure DevOps world, so the Azure platform was a natural choice for us, due to factors like team fit, good integration with tooling, technical maturity, and the potential to scale." - Sebastian Kleinschmager: SparePartsNow Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Learn more &gt; Stopwatch .NET Core Azure STOPWATCH needed a platform and toolset that would enable it to go cloud-native from day one. The company chose Microsoft Azure, .NET, and Visual Studio, giving it everything it needed: fully managed services that let developers stay focused on meeting customer needs instead of managing infrastructure; a programming framework optimized for harnessing the power of both Azure services and open source; and a toolkit for pulling all of the different pieces of its solution together as a highly collaborative team. Learn more &gt; Caren | Cincinnati Children&#x27;s Xamarin Azure Event Grid Azure Functions Azure Cosmos DB Azure DevOps Azure Kubernetes Service Caren is here to assist you with your visit to Cincinnati Children's. With Caren, you get a digital parking pass and spot reminder, wayfinding to help you get where you need to go, real-time updates of your patient's surgery status, urgent Care wait times, directions, and more. Learn more &gt; Download iOS Android Seeing AI | Microsoft .NET MAUI Azure An app that narrates the world around you. Designed for the low vision community, this research project harnesses the power of AI to describe people, text and objects Learn more &gt; Download iOS Williams Mullen Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Williams Mullen uses ML.NET for document classification so that their lawyers can focus on clients instead of on searching through millions of legal documents. Learn more &gt; LightSail .NET Core ASP.NET Azure "It could have cost us millions of dollars to move our intellectual property without the support Microsoft provides. Our patented software represents a significant investment." - Steven Gittleson: Cofounder and Chief Executive Officer Learn more &gt; Microsoft Defender ATP Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Microsoft Defender ATP uses ML.NET to produce a variety of machine learning models to keep their half a billion users' computers safe from malware. Learn more &gt; Arctic Fusion .NET MAUI Azure Arctic Fusion was born out of a desire to create innovative mobile applications that simplify everyday tasks. The company's first venture, Party Fellow, addresses a common problem in event planning: coordinating gifts among guests who may not know each other well. Learn more &gt; AVEVA Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML AVEVA uses ML.NET digitize engineering and operations processes for industrial scenarios. Learn more &gt; Exchange .NET Core Microsoft 365 Substrate services are a set of productivity services descended from Microsoft Exchange. Substrate has seen performance and cost-efficiency improvements since migrating some of its services from .NET Framework to .NET Core. Learn more &gt; FortisAlberta Inc. .NET Core Azure FortisAlberta delivers safe and reliable electricity service to more than a half-million residential, farm, and business customers across central and southern Alberta, Canada. This story explores how FortisAlberta employees streamlined operations by shifting the paper-based process used to document injury prevention plans (IPPs) to a digital solution using a custom-built .NET application. Learn more &gt; Microsoft Teams .NET Core ASP.NET Microsoft Teams is the ultimate messaging app for your organization—a workspace for real-time collaboration and communication, meetings, file and app sharing, and even the occasional emoji! It has seen performance and cost-efficiency improvements since migrating some of its services from .NET Framework to .NET Core. Learn more &gt; Stadio Blazor Microsoft Teams STADIO Higher Education was formed from the consolidation of four highly prestigious institutions—Southern Business School, Embury Institute for Higher Education, LISOF, and Prestige Academy—with a collective experience of more than 100 years in providing quality, affordable higher education. They created a custom Blazor-based responsive web portal as part of their higher education institution integration strategy. Learn more &gt; Colin&#x27;s .NET Core Azure Colin's, part of Eroğlu Holding, is a Jean-focused fashion retailer. Having already deployed products like Dynamics CRM, Microsoft's .NET for its software, the company's digitalization journey is now taking a major leap forward through Microsoft's Azure Kubernetes Service based POS (Point of Sale) application. Learn more &gt; Ignition Group .NET Core Azure Ignition Group, a South Africa-based technology business focusing on customer engagement, builds sales-support tools and value-added services for the businesses it serves. The order processing software was originally developed using .NET Framework and Windows Workflow Foundation. The engineering team chose to move to .NET Core to speed up the development of microservices and deploy them to Azure Kubernetes Service. Learn more &gt; Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences Xamarin Azure DevOps App Center Azure App Service SQL Server ASP.NET "Nobody understands .NET and SQL Server better than Microsoft, which, through Azure, gave us a robust set of managed services for migrating our legacy applications to the cloud." - Bev Kite, Chief Information Officer, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Learn more &gt; Camera Futura Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Camera Futura uses ML.NET to help photographers prepare thousands of images for post-processing. Learn more &gt; VoodooShield Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML VoodooShield uses dynamic security postures and ML.NET to detect malware. Learn more &gt; Allegiance Consulting Blazor App Center Azure Azure DevOps Microsoft Teams Allegiance Consulting (Pty) Ltd is a South African fintech that specializes in complex financial planning systems in the South African market. Allegiance Consulting uses Blazor to develop engagement applications for clients. Learn more &gt; Azure App | Microsoft .NET MAUI Azure With the Azure mobile app, you don't need to be in front of your computer to keep an eye on your Azure resources such as VMs and web apps. Stay connected no matter where you are from your iOS or Android mobile device. Learn more &gt; Download iOS Android Brenmor Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Brenmor uses ML.NET to categorize comments from patient surveys so that feedback can be quickly addressed by the correct personnel, improving the quality of patient care. Learn more &gt; Delhaize Serbia .NET Core Azure Based on Microsoft Azure services, with Azure API Management and .NET Core as a development tool, Delhaize Serbia can now reach out to customers in a more effective and efficient way. Learn more &gt; Zero Friction Blazor Azure Blob Storage Azure Cache for Redis Azure Cosmos DB Azure Functions Azure Key Vault Azure Monitor Azure Service Bus Azure SQL Database Zero Friction delivers frustration-free metering and billing to the energy sector with Azure Cosmos DB. Zero Friction built its customer-facing portal with Blazor. Learn more &gt; Evolution Software Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Evolution Software uses ML.NET to predict moisture levels of hazelnuts during the commercial drying process and alerts operators when they reach the ideal level. Learn more &gt; Scancam Artificial Intelligence &amp; ML Scancam uses ML.NET to detect vehicles at fuel station pumps and provides alerts for known offenders who previously drove off without paying for their fuel. Learn more &gt; More customer stories Hear from many more customers who rely on .NET for their business. More customer stories Community showcase BuiltWithDot.Net is a community maintained showcase of projects built on the .NET platform. View community showcase Add your story Built something great with .NET? Let us know about your solution. Submit your story Ready to get started? Learn .NET easily with our step-by-step tutorials. Get started Follow us Feedback English (United States) Espa&#xF1;ol Fran&#xE7;ais (France) Indonesia (Indonesia) Italiano (Italia) &#x65E5;&#x672C;&#x8A9E; &#xD55C;&#xAD6D;&#xC5B4; Portugu&#xEA;s (Brasil) &#x420;&#x443;&#x441;&#x441;&#x43A;&#x438;&#x439; (&#x420;&#x43E;&#x441;&#x441;&#x438;&#x44F;) &#x4E2D;&#x6587;&#xFF08;&#x7B80;&#x4F53;&#xFF09; &#x4E2D;&#x6587;&#xFF08;&#x53F0;&#x7063;&#xFF09; Dark mode Off