Skip to Main Content Sign in search Search Clear Recent &nbsp; Suggested Learn more about solutions partner designations Take your solution from idea to market Help your customers migrate to the cloud Build skills with role-specific learning paths See Revenue and Performance reporting Cancel Sign in Partner Partnership Partner Partner with Microsoft Maximize your partnership Strengthen your security Build ISV growth Compare offerings Benefits Guide Go to market Marketing resources Commercial marketplace Sell Sell with Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider New commerce experience Partner incentives Differentiate Solutions Partner designations Specializations Azure Expert MSP Explore By opportunity AI Industries Device partners Learning partners Education partners Nonprofit By solution area Solution areas Azure for partners Business Applications for partners Modern Work for partners Security for partners By initiative Build for 2030 Inclusive economy Connect MCAPS Start for Partners MCAPS start for partners Microsoft Ignite Partner of the Year Awards Partner Communities Microsoft Partner Community Partner-led associations Resources Microsoft Partner blog Partner success stories Program resources Training Support &amp; Advisory Support Technical Presales and Deployment Find a partner More Partnership Partner Partner with Microsoft Maximize your partnership Strengthen your security Build ISV growth Compare offerings Benefits Guide Go to market Marketing resources Commercial marketplace Sell Sell with Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider New commerce experience Partner incentives Differentiate Solutions Partner designations Specializations Azure Expert MSP Explore By opportunity AI Industries Device partners Learning partners Education partners Nonprofit By solution area Solution areas Azure for partners Business Applications for partners Modern Work for partners Security for partners By initiative Build for 2030 Inclusive economy Connect MCAPS Start for Partners MCAPS start for partners Microsoft Ignite Partner of the Year Awards Partner Communities Microsoft Partner Community Partner-led associations Resources Microsoft Partner blog Partner success stories Program resources Training Support &amp; Advisory Support Technical Presales and Deployment Find a partner Partner Center Partner Center All Microsoft Partner Drive profitability as a Cloud Solution Provider Customers are searching for partners who deliver personalized, end-to-end managed services—and Microsoft offers the training, resources, and differentiation opportunities to help you meet this demand. Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) partners go beyond the transaction to serve as trusted advisors to their customers, driving deeper engagements and customer success. Upskill to grow your capabilities as a CSP partner Tap into training and certification resources purpose-built to empower you to best serve your customers. Choose from a wide range of topics and formats to develop the skills you need to personalize your managed services, sell more effectively, and become a leader in your industry. Start here Differentiate your business with Solutions Partner designations Earn a Solutions Partner designation or specialization to stand out in the marketplace. Showcase your technical capabilities, highlight your record of customer success, and demonstrate your ability to serve as a trusted advisor. Explore designations Explore specializations Drive customer engagement with ready-to-go marketing resources Capture and close leads with fresh weekly campaigns—available at no cost to Microsoft partners. Microsoft Digital Marketing Content OnDemand empowers you to optimize your digital marketing strategy, deepen current engagements, and win new customers. Learn more Sharpen your security—and help your customers do the same As cyberthreats rise, customers rely on CSP partners to implement secure solutions and to improve their organizations&#39; security practices. Discover how strengthening your own security posture is the first step toward earning customers&#39; trust and protecting their data. Browse the playbook Serve as a trusted advisor to your customers Build stronger relationships, unlock sustainable growth, and enhance your offerings by serving as a trusted advisor to your customers. Our Trusted Advisor Playbook outlines tangible actions that help you adapt to changing customer expectations, differentiate your organization in the marketplace, and access training and offerings that help you grow your business. Download the playbook to start your transformation today. Get playbook Existing CSP partner? Sign in. Unlock new opportunities with Microsoft solution areas Explore solution areas Microsoft solution areas identify where customer demand is expected to grow. Investing and innovating in one or more of these areas empowers you to capture market opportunity and unlock resources that help you deliver high-performing solutions that meet a specific need. Unlock new opportunities with Microsoft solution areas Microsoft solution areas identify where customer demand is expected to grow. Investing and innovating in one or more of these areas empowers you to capture market opportunity and unlock resources that help you deliver high-performing solutions that meet a specific need. Explore solution areas Choose the option that&#39;s right for you You can participate as a Cloud Solution Provider in two ways: as an indirect reseller or as a direct bill partner. Learn about each model to select the one that best fits your business. Indirect reseller Direct bill partner Accelerate your go-to-market with less complexity and cost As an indirect reseller, you work with indirect providers who offer tools and resources to help you manage your customer relationships. While you maintain a relationship with Microsoft, you purchase from an indirect provider who collaborates with you on customer support and billing. This model is recommended for most partners, and you can get started with the following steps. Step 1: Join the Microsoft AI Cloud Partner Program Upon joining, you&#39;ll receive a Partner ID for your business location that will be used to enroll as a CSP partner. Start today Step 2: Enroll as a Cloud Solution Provider Submit the enrollment form, pass business vetting, and accept the Microsoft Partner Agreement (MPA) to activate your Partner Center tenant. Submit the form Step 3: Find indirect providers Connect with an indirect provider who can help you accelerate business growth and support your CSP strategies. Find a provider Take charge of the customer lifecycle Direct bill partners own the end-to-end customer engagement, including pre- and post-sales support. In this model, partners purchase cloud and on-premises offers from Microsoft and sell them directly to customers. Partners who have developed the required infrastructure and capabilities—as well as custom solutions—may apply for this option, which allows them to manage customers autonomously. Review the direct bill requirements and get started with the following steps. Step 1: Complete the application form Provide information about your company and verify that you meet the direct bill requirements for revenue, capabilities, and customer support. Step 2: Complete the capabilities assessment You&#39;ll be contacted by a third-party consultant for an assessment interview covering areas such as managed services, security, compliance, and provisioning infrastructure. Step 3: Enroll, pass approvals, and accept the MPA Once you pass the assessment and receive additional Microsoft approvals, you&#39;ll enroll, complete vetting and credit approval, and accept the MPA to activate your tenant. Find a premium support plan that works for you Microsoft offers the support you need to drive your business forward. Compare the benefits of available plans to determine the best fit for your organization. View plans Follow Us Was this page helpful? Yes No Additional feedback characters remaining Thank you for the feedback! Share Follow Us Share Was this page helpful? Yes No Additional feedback characters remaining Thank you for the feedback! Get started Become a partner Maximize your partnership Compare offerings Partner Center Find a partner Grow With Us Microsoft Action Pack ISV growth Cloud Solution Provider program New commerce and licensing Commercial marketplace Solutions Partner designations Resources Training Microsoft Learn MCAPS Start for Partners Events Microsoft Partner Community Microsoft Partner blog Support Get support Support plans Partner Center guidance United States (English) Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact us Privacy and cookies Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks Partner Code of Conduct © 2024 Microsoft